1. Why do computers understand only binary language?
Ans-  It is because binary is a machine language which has 0 and 1, it means it records the data in form of 0 and 1 as electronic signal. Computer
 is a electronic device. It becomes complex if the sentence becomes large.

2.What is the full form of IDE?
Ans-  The full form of IDE is Integrated development environment.

3.What is the difference between a text editor and a code editor?
Ans- Text editors can view or edit the text, Can't run the code.
   But  Code editors are for editing and running the code(programming)

4. What are the steps to develop software using the C language?
ans- step 1- Download Dev/C++
     Step 2- install Dev/C++
     Step 3-  Create First Project
     Step 4-  Write the programme
     Step 5 - Save and Compile code
     Step 6-  Run the Code
     Step 7-  More Resources
5. a. What is the latest version of C Language?
Ans- C18 is the latest version of C language

b. Who developed C Language?
Ans- American Computer Scientist Dennis M.Ritchie developed C language.

c.What is the difference between System and Application Software?
Ans-
1.	System Software maintain the system resources and give the path for application software to run.	Application software is built for specific tasks.
2.	Low level languages are used to write the system software.	While high level languages are used to write the application software.
3.	Its a general purpose software.	While its a specific purpose software.
4.	Without system software, system can’t run.	While without application software system always runs.
5.	System software runs when system is turned on and stop when system is turned off.	While application software runs as per the user’s request.
6.	Example of system software are operating system, etc.	Example of application software are Photoshop, VLC player etc.
7.	System Software programming is complex than application software.	Application software programming is simpler as comparison to system software.

d. How to convert a number from a decimal number system to a binary number system?

Ans- Write down the number.
Divide it by 2 and note the remainder.
Divide the quotient obtained by 2 and note the remainder.
Repeat the same process till we get 0 as the quotient.
Write the values of all the remainders starting from the bottom to the top.

